Blogpost CR edits (#1)
llorracc/as.180.369: @about/writing-program-newsletter/20240615-CDC-Edits.md

GitHub provides a convenient way to record and share the writing process, and
recover earlier versions of a draft. However, instructors not comfortable with
GitHub could obtain similar pedagogical benefits by asking students to keep a
log of the work they do on a project and awarding credit for making revisions.

## Jupyter notebooks seamlessly integrate writing and data visualization

To ensure everyone has access to the same working environments, a [JupyterHub](https://jupyter.org/hub)
instance is provided to all students that they could sign into. Students
perform all of their work through this interface including the editing of
[Jupyter notebooks](https://jupyter.org/) as well as their Git and GitHub
work for creating and sharing commits.

Jupyter Notebooks enable the students to write their research papers and
perform their data manipulation and analysis. These notebooks are a
versatile tool that integrates Markdown text (a type of text editor) with
Python code and outputs. To create a publication ready document from their
notebook, students also used

> [Markedly Structured Text (MyST)](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/) and the 

Reviewer: The link should be to the main website, this link is to the sphinx parser, which doesn't do any of the publication parts!

```suggestion
[Markedly Structured Text (MyST)](https://mystmd.org/) and the 
```

Author: The PR was already merged by the time I checked on this item, so I opened a new PR #4 to add this change in. Can you thumb up there is everything looks good?
